1. This is a review of the manuscript "Testing Energy Conservation through Popper Launch and Compression Experiments" by Cardillo, Chan, Croft, Kapoor, Pevzner, and Siddiqui. I recommend major revisions. The manuscript does careful accounting of kinetic energy at launch and potential energy at max height and finds a small deficit, presumably due to drag, friction, or loss mechanisms in the launch process, which are to be expected. Something that would make this conclusion much stronger is if the authors proposed mechanisms that would account for the difference and scaled or bounded if they are indeed feasible. 

2. The methods ought to be revised like the authors other recently published work on kinematics of freefall. Some words appear to be made up "verticality" "spliced the recording" and other odd such phrases should be fixed. The methods read like a diary of lab day which is not what should be going on - there appear to be two main experiments, one dealing with the launch and max height; and another dealing with the energy in compressing the device. It is not necessary to give these in chronological order or to explain how they were split among two sub-teams. The correspnoding figures need to be formatted to fit in a single column, not as images floating or surrounded by text (suggest you guys learn Latex and stop using Google Docs). The methods mix past tense explanation of what was done with recipe steps in present tense ("This is our start. Slowly we lower the scissor jack...") which is improper for methods.

3. The exact method used to measure the launch velocity is never mentioned. Did you go frame by frame? Did you use software to do it? Please explain or it is not replicable.

5. Results - given that you are proposing only loss mechanisms, is a two-sided test appropriate here for testing if the launch KE = max PE?

6. Discussion - The authors propose mechanisms like air resistance but do not do a quick scaling calculation or somethign to estimate if this would make up the difference. This ought to be added. They also mention the nonlinear nature of the spring; and consider material breakdown but less damaging than material breakdown is that real materials simply have a coefficient of resitution that ought to be considered. What is the coefficient of restitution for this material? 
